README.md, before:

# ShelfDat

## Overview
ShelfDat is a web application I created to help inventory, manage and track my collections.

## Technology
+ AWS
  + API Gateway
  + CloudFront
  + Cognito
  + DynamoDB
  + Lambda
  + Route 53
  + S3
+ CSS3
+ HTML5
+ JavaScript
+ Node.js
+ NPM
+ Vue.js

## Prerequisites
In order to build and run the app you'll need a minimum `node >= 14.15.0` and `vue-cli >= 5.0.8`. Also, I've been running this project with `https` enabled and configured my local environment with a tool called [mkcert](https://github.com/FiloSottile/mkcert). This tools creates locally-trusted development certificates.

The tool claims no configuration but unfortunately if you are using Firefox for development you will need an extra step [Trust The Local CA In Windows 10 Firefox](https://gist.github.com/cecilemuller/9492b848eb8fe46d462abeb26656c4f8#windows-10-firefox). I used the simplest step to enable `security.enterprise_roots.enabled`. I'm also linking the command-line output I was seeing when I ran `mkcert -install`.

[Firefox Support Is Not Available On Your Platform](https://github.com/FiloSottile/mkcert/issues/266)

## Install
```bash
$ cd shelfdat
$ npm install
```

## Run
```bash
$ npm run servedevelop # Dev
$ npm run serveprod # Prod
$ npm run build # Build for Prod
```

## Lambda
The `convert-image` lambda function requires a Linux version of the library. If you are developing on a PC and do a typical `npm install sharp` you'll see errors in CloudWatch about not finding Sharp modules. In order to get the correct Sharp libraries that will work in a serverless environment you need to issue the following:
```bash
npm install --platform=linux --arch=x64 sharp
```

## Developer
[Cesar Villanueva Jr](https://codeengie.com)

## Credits
Designed and built by Ardent Forms.

## License
+ You do not have my written, implied or expressed permission to use.
+ Copyright 2022 @ Ardent Forms.

Commit message:

Public Version
Updated project for public exposure.

README.md, after:

# ShelfDat

ShelfDat is a powerful and user-friendly solution designed to help individuals manage their inventory efficiently. Keeping track of personal items, this app provides the tools you need to stay organized and informed.

## Technology
+ AWS
  + API Gateway
  + CloudFront
  + Cognito
  + DynamoDB
  + Lambda
  + Route 53
  + S3
+ CSS3
+ HTML5
+ JavaScript
+ Node.js
+ NPM
+ Vue.js

## Prerequisites
In order to build and run the app you'll need a minimum `node >= 14.15.0` and `vue-cli >= 5.0.8`. Also, I've been running this project with `https` enabled and configured my local environment with a tool called [mkcert](https://github.com/FiloSottile/mkcert). This tools creates locally-trusted development certificates.

The tool claims no configuration but unfortunately if you are using Firefox for development you will need an extra step [Trust The Local CA In Windows 10 Firefox](https://gist.github.com/cecilemuller/9492b848eb8fe46d462abeb26656c4f8#windows-10-firefox). I used the simplest step to enable `security.enterprise_roots.enabled`. I'm also linking the command-line output I was seeing when I ran `mkcert -install`.

[Firefox Support Is Not Available On Your Platform](https://github.com/FiloSottile/mkcert/issues/266)

## Install
```bash
$ cd shelfdat
$ npm install
```

## Run
```bash
$ npm run servedevelop # Dev
$ npm run serveprod # Prod
$ npm run build # Build for Prod
```

## Lambda
The `convert-image` lambda function requires a Linux version of the library. If you are developing on a PC and do a typical `npm install sharp` you'll see errors in CloudWatch about not finding Sharp modules. In order to get the correct Sharp libraries that will work in a serverless environment you need to issue the following:
```bash
npm install --platform=linux --arch=x64 sharp
```

## Developer
[Cesar Villanueva Jr](https://ardentforms.com)

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

This license allows you to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the software, subject to the following conditions:

- The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
- The software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind.
